hey everyone this is my second video I'm
sorry that I wasn't able to do one a
couple weeks ago my computer was on the
fritz I had to take it in and I just got
it back yesterday so this session is
gonna be super long because I got tons
of questions from everybody hope
everyone's having a great New Year so
far and not everyone had to really go to
holiday okay first set of questions is
from Jack he says I like your hair
straight what's your thought what's you
like better and what's you often hear I
like my hair better straight for photos
and it's a lot easier to manage but it
is naturally curly so it takes a little
bit of work to get it straight
and people like it both ways I really
like it curly and really like a treat I
think it photographs a lot better
straight then it does curly and I'm a
lot happier with my pictures with my
hair straight what's your favorite
outfit to wear or start off a shoot with
is there anyone oh is there any more
that are more comfortable than others
I shoot basically underwear so that's
about it whatever I feel sexy or
comfortable and I'm pretty easygoing and
I'll try anything on as long as I don't
look like a complete idiot I'm fine what
do you think is the hottest video shoot
format do you get to hear the music that
goes into your bed no you don't hear
your music so it's you don't video well
at least for me it's kind of
uncomfortable I don't really know what
I'm doing and I feel like super awkward
doing it I am I like when they have the
girls talking stuff my Cyber Girl of the
Month video the last one I did where
there's a little bit of me talking in it
I really liked that I thought it was
better than just the ones with like the
weird music I wish that we could took
our songs and we could hear it I think
it would be a lot better because I know
well answering some like questions going
further down that when I'm shooting and
I got to pick my music I know my photos
are a lot better because I'm actually
like in the zone and feeling the shoo
next set is from big dog what's your
favorite type of panties to wear I love
boy shorts they're comfortable they're
pretty flattering not too revealing
what's your favorite type of lingerie
hmm I like a lot of lingerie brown panty
sets the basics that's my favorite I'm
most comfortable in I don't really like
corsets that much they're comfortable
but they're hard to move around in
camis and stuff they're cute I like
everything is Victoria Secret your
favorite no not at all I like
Frederick's of Hollywood a lot better
actually their stuff fits me a lot
better and I think it's more flattering
on me my next question is from Jade ice
2009 said would you ever consider
wearing nothing but body paint at a
mansion party have you ever done so
before I would love to be a painted girl
at one of the mansion parties I inquired
about it but the amount that they pay
they wouldn't find me out to do it so in
the month that they pay would be my
ticket out there so it's kind of more
expensive to do it then it's worth but
if I was in the area and they needed me
for a party it's definitely something I
would do hi girls are hot is from who
the next set is from what could other
photographers websites learn from
Playboy what could playboy learn from
other guys I don't know who you're
talking about if you gave me some
example sites I could probably answer
this question a little bit better I
don't know I think playboy has a lot of
photographers so people like there's a
big range of photography on playboy with
lighting and airbrushing and stuff I
don't really know I'm sorry
uh-huh next question from him have you
ever had a threesome no I haven't and
then his next part to it was who would
my favorite they haven't seen threesome
be with I wouldn't ever do it I like to
be the center of attention I like
everything to be all about me and three
is definitely a crowd so I'll stick to
just one partner the next question from
him is does the constant gushing on the
boards but how beautiful you are and how
you should be a playmate ever get old or
is it just great for your ego it's nice
to hear good things obviously I think
everybody would like that it's at the
same time like when you got it not
rejected but when you like don't hear
back from Playboy for your playmate test
or whatever I got all these people
telling you that you should be a play me
it's so I don't know it's kind of like
what's wrong with me why doesn't playboy
want me to be a play me and all these
people are saying so it's good but it
makes you wonder what is wrong like I
said in my last video I would also like
people to tell me what's wrong with me
like what don't people like about my
body or whatever like it's good that
half you guys are like I don't like you
with curly hair now I know if I get
cyber Girl of the Year or have to settle
for sniper got extra that I'm not gonna
have my hair curly because more people
like it straight you know it's just it
helps me please you if you're being real
with me instead of just saying oh you're
beautiful you should be a playmate I'd
like to hear other things too and talk
about other things next set of questions
from Dave he says have you ever
envisioned
where you'd like to be both
professionally and personally ten years
from now I don't like to think that far
to do hands um
the future is like overwhelming for me I
just go to school I still don't know
what I want to do I play me it's not an
option
cuz that's my dream job so now I haven't
really given it much thought
we'll see where I am hopefully I'll be
happy and healthy and it's all that
really matters next question from Dave
is what are some other personality
traits and physical attributes that you
also find attractive in a guy
um I don't know I don't really have a
type or anything I couldn't say I like
big muscular guys or emo guys or
whatever I just I don't know if I
connect with the person I like them
physical obviously it's nice to have
someone yes like who you're physically
attracted to but not everyone that's hot
or great-looking is a good person
or it can make me laugh and I think
humor is a big part like if a guy can
make me laugh confidence
obviously I see that every single time
um I don't know I just want someone who
can make me smile make me happy my next
question is another one from Big Dawg
would you ever consider girls with girls
shoot with your friend Brittany Silvana
weds
absolutely we've talked about this me
and Brett many times if she was still
doing Playboy she definitely would do
shoot with me I think it would be super
hot but there's no girls with cashew in
our future next question is from RM rock
singer has a special guy viewers ever
used your breasts as pillows if yes was
the experience comfortable for you or
for him um yeah sure when like watching
movies or whatever a guy just pops his
head down there it's fine and it's
comfortable for a little while but my
boobs aren't huge so I don't have a lot
of cushion there so after a while they
start to getting them but that's just
like if some guy was laying on your leg
you know what I mean like falls asleep
after a while it's not a bad experience
I I guess a guy would like it why not
next ones are from Jack Ken